feat(theme-common): Allow optional desktopThresholdWidth param in useWindowSize (#9335)
facebook/docusaurus: website/docs/styling-layout.mdx

}
```

:::tip Customizing the breakpoint

> Some React components, such as the header and the sidebar, implement different JavaScript logic when in mobile view by calling the [`useWindowSize`](./swizzling.mdx) hook. If you change the breakpoint value in your custom CSS, you probably also want to update the invocations of the `useWindowSize` hook by swizzling the components it's used in and passing an explicit option argument. For example, to change the breakpoint to 796px, pass the argument `796` to the `useWindowSize` hook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some React components, such as the header and the sidebar, implement different JavaScript logic when in mobile view by calling the `useWindowSize` hook. If you change the breakpoint value in your custom CSS, you probably also want to update the invocations of the `useWindowSize` hook by [swizzling]((./swizzling.mdx)) the components it's used in and passing an explicit option argument.
```

> :::

Reviewer 2: @Josh-Cena to be honest I'm not sure we want to document this

`@theme-common` has many APIs and we only document a few ones that are meant to be used in userland explicitly. Even if this is considered "public API" and we want to avoid breaking changes on it, it doesn't mean we should document it IMHO.

If power users want to customize breakpoints and retro-engineer our helpers and want to use it, fine (although as I said you can provide your own code as well). But do we want to encourage usage, I'm not sure at all.

Reviewer: If we mention customizing the CSS break point, we definitely need to mention customizing the JS break point. Users creating custom components (maybe through swizzling) always need to know both.

}
```

> :::tip Header and Sidebar Some components, such as the header and sidebar, use a `useWindowSize` hook to set their breakpoint value. If you change the breakpoint value in your custom CSS, you probably also want to update the invocations of the `useWindowSize` hook by swizzling the components it's used in and passing it an argument that updates the breakpoint value (for example, to change the breakpoint to 796px, pass the object `{ desktopThresholdWidth: 796 }` as an argument to the `useWindowSize` hook). :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::tip Customizing the breakpoint

Some React components, such as the header and the sidebar, implement different JavaScript logic when in mobile view by calling the [`useWindowSize`](./swizzling.mdx) hook. If you change the breakpoint value in your custom CSS, you probably also want to update the invocations of the `useWindowSize` hook by swizzling the components it's used in and passing an explicit option argument. For example, to change the breakpoint to `796px`, pass the object `{ desktopThresholdWidth: 796 }` as an argument to the `useWindowSize` hook.

:::
```
